c:\users\plamena\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Testing Web Services\News.Repositories.Tests\bin\Debug\News.Repositories.Tests.dll.config
c:\users\plamena\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Testing Web Services\News.Repositories.Tests\bin\Debug\News.Repositories.Tests.dll
c:\users\plamena\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Testing Web Services\News.Repositories.Tests\bin\Debug\News.Repositories.Tests.pdb
c:\users\plamena\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Testing Web Services\News.Repositories.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\plamena\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Testing Web Services\News.Repositories.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\plamena\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Testing Web Services\News.Repositories.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\users\plamena\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Testing Web Services\News.Repositories.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\plamena\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Testing Web Services\News.Repositories.Tests\bin\Debug\News.Data.dll
c:\users\plamena\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Testing Web Services\News.Repositories.Tests\bin\Debug\News.Models.dll
c:\users\plamena\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Testing Web Services\News.Repositories.Tests\bin\Debug\News.Repositories.dll
c:\users\plamena\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Testing Web Services\News.Repositories.Tests\bin\Debug\News.Data.pdb
c:\users\plamena\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Testing Web Services\News.Repositories.Tests\bin\Debug\News.Models.pdb
c:\users\plamena\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Testing Web Services\News.Repositories.Tests\bin\Debug\News.Repositories.pdb
c:\users\plamena\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Testing Web Services\News.Repositories.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\plamena\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Testing Web Services\News.Repositories.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\plamena\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Testing Web Services\News.Repositories.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\users\plamena\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Testing Web Services\News.Repositories.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\plamena\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Testing Web Services\News.Repositories.Tests\obj\Debug\News.Repositories.Tests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\plamena\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Testing Web Services\News.Repositories.Tests\obj\Debug\News.Repositories.Tests.dll
c:\users\plamena\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Testing Web Services\News.Repositories.Tests\obj\Debug\News.Repositories.Tests.pdb
c:\users\plamena\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Testing Web Services\News.Repositories.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.Extended.dll
c:\users\plamena\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Testing Web Services\News.Repositories.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.Extended.xml
